in the middle of all this Trump is busy
looking to add new countries to his
travel ban I think for me too for Trump
to institute a travel ban on a country
he should first be required to find that
country on a map if he can do that
without help which countries will be
added to the ban but so we decided to
have a little bit of fun with it we went
out industry we asked people what they
thought of Trump's new ban on all
foreigners with beards which he hasn't
asked for yet but will that stop folks
from weighing in on it let's find out in
tonight's foreign facial hair edition of
lye witness news with a beard do you
support the new beard Ben absolutely yes
I think it's I think it's good to keep
America safe how do you feel about the
new beard Ben you know what probably
it's a good idea anything to keep
America safe we should we should we can
never be too safe how do you feel about
the beard ban I hate it I personally
love me with beards yes and so
keeps them out loud then we'll have to
look at me with ball faces all day and
they look like depends on the size of
the beard actually longer beards yes
shorter beers no well cropped what room
no do you support the quote goatee
exemption where people with goatees will
be allowed across the United States
border yeah that's cool if they be
allowed yeah is somebody with the goatee
slightly less dangerous than somebody
with the beard do you feel right as you
know today President Trump announced his
ban on foreign travelers with beards do
you feel that this is a good move to
keep America safe well I think President
Trump is trying to do what he can to
make us safe so I know it's not he's not
gonna agree with everybody and some will
you will but at the end of the day
what's the idea is to keep everybody
safe so how do you do it you have to
start somewhere
sometimes didn't start with a beard I
guess you know you see those people
sometimes and they have a lot of facial
hair you don't really know what could be
in there what could be underneath will
you follow president Trump's request to
call nine-one-one if you see a foreigner
with a beard trying to get into the
United States is borders
I hope I'm never in that situation so I
I would support him and I probably would
ask my husband to do it I wouldn't yeah
I'm just not gonna put myself in that
situation but your husband would call
nine-one-one on a beard a foreigner yes
don't worry everyday things are going
great
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make most to
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what to do